um I think early in my life, e I was very afraid of failure. You know,
failure meant that I wasn't doing what I was supposed to dio, um, I
wasn't good enough. I wasn't smart enough. I wasn't working hard enough.
Whatever you wanna call it. Um, as I've gone through my career
and especially as I've become uneducated Er, um, and a parent, I should
also add I have come to view failure as a process. Failure is what
you do before you succeed, right? So you just fail and fail and
fail and fail and fail, and then you succeed. And so failure to me at
this point does not mean, you know, doing something and having it
not work out the way that I wanted Thio failure to me means I'm not
trying to do something I'm giving up before I even begin. Um and so,
you know, I think that having things not work out having expectations
that aren't met. Um, not doing well, all of those things are ways
that we can adjust our behaviors. We can either. Just our expectations.
We can adjust our behaviors, weaken, say, like, Oh, maybe this
is just how it works out, Um, or we could just try something new. This
is just part of the process. And so I think that I don't look at
failure. Like when something doesn't work out for me, I don't think
Oh, that was a failure, I think. Oh, that didn't work. Okay, well, let's
let's think about why it didn't work and let's regroup And let's
do this again and that might that process might have to have to happen
20 times before, you know, I get a result that I'm like, Okay,
this worked eso That's how I look at failure now. Failure means that
I'm not trying. I'm not even beginning the process. That's what failure
is to me now.